Oh, Alice.
Hi, Debbie.
I've got to tell you what I just heard yesterday.
Well, remember Bethany, who used to attend some of our meetings years ago?
Yes!
Has she started going back to the meetings again?
Not at all.
She left the man that she's living with to move in with another.
Wait, you've been keeping in touch with her?
Well, no, I haven't talked her directly.
But you know, work gets around.
Anyway, can you believe it?
Debbie, we both know Bethany has done a lot of bad things since she stopped attending the meetings.
And I really hope she makes changes and comes back.
But in the meantime, do you really think we should be spending our time talking about all the bad things she's doing right now?
Well, probably not.
I just figured, since we all grew up together, you want to know how far from the truth she's gotten.
But Debbie, love does not rejoice over unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth.
You know what?
You're right.
Why talk about this?
We have so many good things to talk about.
Yes, we do.
Like this morning.
Do you remember that call we went on last week?
Well, Helen and I went back again this morning and the lady was home.
She invited us in and we placed a book.
Really?
Yes.
We even got to show her one of our videos and she said she may come to the meeting this Sunday.
That's wonderful, I hope.